Montague's Mount/README.md, before:

Montague's Mount
================

Update v2:
----------
- Shadows fixed thanks to 4everAwake
- Lens flare fixed
- Switched to use the Harry Potter profile by default, which seems a little
  more stable than the Aion profile (still sometimes see flickering - alt+tab
  out and in until it goes away).

**RECOMMENDED: Use nVidia Inspector to assign this game to the "Harry Potter -
Deathly Hollows Part1" profile.** The game will try to use this profile
automatically, but it doesn't always work (and can randomly stop working) -
much better to manually assign it with nVidia inspector.

**If the shadows are broken or you are seeing severe flickering on some
surfaces try alt+tabbing out and in of the game (you may need to try several
times)** - both Helix mod and the driver profile seem to be really inconsistent
with this game.

The HUD depth can be customised with the keys on the number row, and tilde to
return to screen depth.

I haven't played very far through the game yet, so there may still be broken
effects later on.

Troubleshooting
---------------
For some reason Helix mod doesn't always engage when launching the game, (easy
to tell as the shadows will be broken and the HUD depth customisation won't
work) - try disabling and enabling 3D or alt+tabbing out and in until it works.

If you get flickering on some surfaces like the grass, try alt+tabbing out and
in a few times until it stops *and* the shadows look right (may take a few
attempts). Make sure the game is assigned to the Harry Potter profile and not
Aion, since the Harry Potter profile seems to be a bit more reliable.

Commit message:

Montague's Mount: Update README.md
I've finished the game, and while some of the shadows aren't perfect I
think it's good enough :)

Montague's Mount/README.md, after:

Montague's Mount
================

Update v3:
----------
- Fixed bloom around lights once electricity has been turned on
- Approximate fix for interior and spot light shadows
- Inventory text depth fixed

Update v2:
----------
- Shadows fixed thanks to 4everAwake
- Lens flare fixed
- Switched to use the Harry Potter profile by default, which seems a little
  more stable than the Aion profile (still sometimes see flickering - alt+tab
  out and in until it goes away).

**RECOMMENDED: Use nVidia Inspector to assign this game to the "Harry Potter -
Deathly Hollows Part1" profile.** The game will try to use this profile
automatically, but it doesn't always work (and can randomly stop working) -
much better to manually assign it with nVidia inspector.

**If the shadows are broken or you are seeing severe flickering or haloing on
some surfaces try alt+tabbing out and in of the game (you may need to try
several times)** - both Helix mod and the driver profile seem to be really
inconsistent with this game.

Do not change the FOV from the default value of 65 - I realise that is lower
than some people would like, but the shadow fix would have to be recalibrated
for different FOV settings. I wasn't able to get shadows from interior lights
to line up perfectly at all distances from the camera, so I chose the best
value I could for each. Exterior shadows don't have this issue.

The HUD depth can be customised with the keys on the number row, and tilde to
return to screen depth.

Troubleshooting
---------------
For some reason Helix mod doesn't always engage when launching the game, (easy
to tell as the shadows will be broken and the HUD depth customisation won't
work) - try disabling and enabling 3D or alt+tabbing out and in until it works.

If you get flickering on some surfaces like the grass, try alt+tabbing out and
in a few times until it stops *and* the shadows look right (may take a few
attempts). Make sure the game is assigned to the Harry Potter profile and not
Aion, since the Harry Potter profile seems to be a bit more reliable.
