TheLongDark/README.md, before:

The Long Dark
=============

Fixed
-----
- Shadows
- Halos
- Automatic crosshair depth added
- Distracting lens grit removed
- Removed interior volumetric light shafts

Installation
------------
1. Extract zip file to ...\Steam\SteamApps\common\TheLongDark\

2. Press backslash after starting a new game, loading a new area or whenever
   the convergence resets.

Keys
----
- Backslash: Load recommended convergence preset

- F7: Save custom convergence preset to backslash key

- V: Toggle crosshair between automatic depth and disabled (HUD must be enabled
  in settings)

- L: Toggle lens grit

- K: Toggle interior volumetric light shafts

Known Issues
------------
- The convergence resets periodically and after loading screens. Press
  backslash to load the recommended preset whenever this happens.

- Mouse cursor depth cannot be adjusted

Notes
-----
- This is an early access game and the fix is likely to be broken by updates,
  so be sure to check back regularly, and report any broken effects.

Commit message:

The Long Dark: Update installation instructions for DX11 update
For now it looks like the devs are going to continue supporting DX9
(they provide a .bat file to launch DX9), so I'll stick with the
existing fix for the time being, just note the new installation
instructions.

TheLongDark/README.md, after:

The Long Dark
=============

Fixed
-----
- Shadows
- Halos
- Automatic crosshair depth added
- Distracting lens grit removed
- Removed interior volumetric light shafts

Installation
------------
1. Extract zip file to ...\Steam\SteamApps\common\TheLongDark\

2. Launch the game via the tld_dx9.bat in the game directory (alternatively add
   -force-d3d9 to the launch options in Steam: right click -> properties -> set
   launch options)

3. Press backslash after starting a new game, loading a new area or whenever
   the convergence resets.

Keys
----
- Backslash: Load recommended convergence preset

- F7: Save custom convergence preset to backslash key

- V: Toggle crosshair between automatic depth and disabled (HUD must be enabled
  in settings)

- L: Toggle lens grit

- K: Toggle interior volumetric light shafts

Known Issues
------------
- The convergence resets periodically and after loading screens. Press
  backslash to load the recommended preset whenever this happens.

- Mouse cursor depth cannot be adjusted

Notes
-----
- This is an early access game and the fix is likely to be broken by updates,
  so be sure to check back regularly, and report any broken effects.
