Miasmata/README.md, before:

Miasmata
========
This is a small improvement on [3D4DD's Miasmata Fix][1]. This is one of my
favourite games of all time and I have also released an [unofficial community
patch][2], [achievement tracker][3], [modding tool][4], and [French translation
with Gooby][5] ([github repository][6] for all of these).

While the 3D in this game is near-perfect with D34DD's fix, every now and again
I go back to see if I can make any improvements.

[1]: http://helixmod.blogspot.com.au/2012/12/miasmata.html
[2]: http://steamcommunity.com/app/223510/discussions/0/648812916771880184/
[3]: http://steamcommunity.com/app/223510/discussions/0/648813728501354813/
[4]: http://steamcommunity.com/app/223510/discussions/0/630800445647188169/
[5]: http://steamcommunity.com/app/223510/discussions/0/540741859566627042/
[6]: https://github.com/DarkStarSword/miasmata-fixes

Improvements
------------
- Fixes water such that it is no longer necessary to switch to the Aion
  profile.
- Partial fix for medium/high quality water - real time reflections still are
  not quite right - they appear to hover slightly above the surface of the
  water rather than being below the object being reflected.
- Update to latest Helix Mod.

Known Issues
------------
- Triangulation can be falsely obscured by an object to the left of the
  landmark while in 3D... I suspect this may be related to a haloing issue
  since it is obscured by the same offset that the water used to be broken by.
- God Rays
- Skybox depth dependent on convergence
- Would be nice to auto-adjust the mouse cursor depth

Commit message:

Miasmata: Move skybox depth to infinity
Also restore the headers that had been removed from this shader

Miasmata/README.md, after:

Miasmata
========
This is a small improvement on [3D4DD's Miasmata Fix][1]. This is one of my
favourite games of all time and I have also released an [unofficial community
patch][2], [achievement tracker][3], [modding tool][4], and [French translation
with Gooby][5] ([github repository][6] for all of these).

While the 3D in this game is near-perfect with D34DD's fix, every now and again
I go back to see if I can make any improvements.

[1]: http://helixmod.blogspot.com.au/2012/12/miasmata.html
[2]: http://steamcommunity.com/app/223510/discussions/0/648812916771880184/
[3]: http://steamcommunity.com/app/223510/discussions/0/648813728501354813/
[4]: http://steamcommunity.com/app/223510/discussions/0/630800445647188169/
[5]: http://steamcommunity.com/app/223510/discussions/0/540741859566627042/
[6]: https://github.com/DarkStarSword/miasmata-fixes

Improvements
------------
- Fixes water such that it is no longer necessary to switch to the Aion
  profile.
- Partial fix for medium/high quality water - real time reflections still are
  not quite right - they appear to hover slightly above the surface of the
  water rather than being below the object being reflected.
- Update to latest Helix Mod.
- Move sky depth to infinity, such that it no longer varies with convergence.

Known Issues
------------
- Triangulation can be falsely obscured by an object to the left of the
  landmark while in 3D... I suspect this may be related to a haloing issue
  since it is obscured by the same offset that the water used to be broken by.
- God Rays
- Skybox depth dependent on convergence
- Would be nice to auto-adjust the mouse cursor depth
