The Witness/README.md, before:

The Witness
===========

Fixed
-----
- Forces exclusive mode full screen to enable 3D
- Automatically adjusts mouse cursor depth
- Reflections
- 2D Gates
- 2D Puzzles
- Light shafts

Installation
------------
1. Unpack the zip file to the game directory

2. Ensure the full screen option is enabled in the launcher (this is required
   for the auto cursor).

3. Set the quality to Medium or High (the auto cursor does not work properly on
   low).

4. If you are on a 32bit OS, replace the DLLs with those from the 32bit
   directory.

Important note about Puzzles
----------------------------
There are a few puzzles in this game that are designed to rely on a 2D
perspective and would be difficult to solve in 3D. For these puzzles, hold the
Q key to temporarily reduce the separation so that the solution can be seen.

Keys
----
- Backslash: Activate recommended convergence
- Q: Hold to temporarily reduce separation for certain puzzles

Like my Work?
-------------
Consider supporting me on [Patreon](https://www.patreon.com/DarkStarSword)

Commit message:

The Witness: Also add middle mouse as a temporary separation reduction
Q might be a little difficult to hold while repositioning the camera for
some of these puzzles, so add middle mouse as an alternative for those
cases.

The Witness/README.md, after:

The Witness
===========

Fixed
-----
- Forces exclusive mode full screen to enable 3D
- Automatically adjusts mouse cursor depth
- Reflections
- 2D Gates
- 2D Puzzles
- Light shafts

Installation
------------
1. Unpack the zip file to the game directory

2. Ensure the full screen option is enabled in the launcher (this is required
   for the auto cursor).

3. Set the quality to Medium or High (the auto cursor does not work properly on
   low).

4. If you are on a 32bit OS, replace the DLLs with those from the 32bit
   directory.

Important note about Puzzles
----------------------------
There are a few puzzles in this game that are designed to rely on a 2D
perspective and would be difficult to solve in 3D. For these puzzles, hold
either Q or the middle mouse button to temporarily reduce the separation so
that the solution can be seen.

Keys
----
- Backslash: Activate recommended convergence
- Q / Middle Mouse: Hold to temporarily reduce separation for certain puzzles

Like my Work?
-------------
Consider supporting me on [Patreon](https://www.patreon.com/DarkStarSword)
