MGSV_TPP/README.md, before:

Metal Gear Solid V: The Phantom Pain
====================================


Fixed
-----
- Lights
- Shadows
- Specular Highlights (accurate!)
- Inverted mirrors
- Lens flares
- Decals
- Targetting circle when throwing items
- Water Reflections
- Moon pushed to infinity
- Auto-crosshair added
- 2D HUD moved to fixed depth (customise with x under [Constants])
- 3D HUD items moved closer to screen

Installation
------------
1. Extract the contents of the zip file to the game directory

2. Change the graphics settings to use exclusive full screen

3. Press Ctrl+Alt+F11 to disable compatibility mode (advanced keys must be
   enabled in the control panel)

Convergence Presets
-------------------
A number of convergence presets are added for convenience:
- I: Low preset for cinematics
- O: Moderate preset for gameplay
- P: High preset for gameplay
- {: High preset for horseback riding
- }: Extra high preset for horseback riding
- F / right shoulder (hold): Extremely high preset for binoculars
- F / right shoulder (tap while aiming): Very low preset for 1st person aiming

Note that holding down aim will also activate a convergence preset (same as O).
This is only so that the original convergence will be restored when you release
aim if you enter 1st person view.

All these presets can be customised by editing the d3dx.ini.

Notes
-----
- Ambient Occlusion = High works out of the box. To use extra high, you must
  add the game to the Max Payne 3 profile.

- I am still fairly early in the game so there might be more effects to fix
  later on. If you find a broken effect, please send me a save file.

Known Issues
------------
- Blue highlight on enemies behind cover is broken around the hips and
  disabled. Press F3 to re-enable.

Commit message:

MGSTPP: d3dx.ini to release mode, update README
Switch d3dx.ini to release mode.

Fix some formatting in the README and reorganise it so the AO note is
below installation, and add my patreon link.

MGSV_TPP/README.md, after:

Metal Gear Solid V: The Phantom Pain
====================================

Fixed
-----
- Lights
- Shadows
- Specular Highlights (accurate!)
- Inverted mirrors
- Lens flares
- Decals
- Targetting circle when throwing items
- Water Reflections
- Moon pushed to infinity
- Auto-crosshair added
- 2D HUD moved to fixed depth (customise with x under [Constants])
- 3D HUD items moved closer to screen

Installation
------------
1. Extract the contents of the zip file to the game directory

2. Change the graphics settings to use exclusive full screen

3. Press Ctrl+Alt+F11 to disable compatibility mode (advanced keys must be
   enabled in the control panel)

Settings
--------
Ambient Occlusion = High works out of the box. To use extra high, you must add
the game to the Max Payne 3 profile.

Convergence Presets
-------------------
A number of convergence presets are added for convenience:

- I: Low preset for cinematics
- O: Moderate preset for gameplay
- P: High preset for gameplay
- {: High preset for horseback riding
- }: Extra high preset for horseback riding
- F / right shoulder (hold): Extremely high preset for binoculars
- F / right shoulder (tap while aiming): Very low preset for 1st person aiming

Note that holding down aim will also activate a convergence preset (same as O).
This is only so that the original convergence will be restored when you release
aim if you enter 1st person view.

All these presets can be customised by editing the d3dx.ini.

Known Issues
------------
- Blue highlight on enemies behind cover is broken around the hips and
  disabled. Press F3 to re-enable.

Notes
-----
- I am still fairly early in the game so there might be more effects to fix
  later on. If you find a broken effect, please send me a save file.

Like my Work?
-------------
Consider supporting me on Patreon:
<https://www.patreon.com/DarkStarSword>
