Stranded Deep/README.md, before:

Stranded Deep
=============

Fixed
-----
- Halos
- Water refraction
- Underwater shadows
- Moved highlights on ocean floor to correct depth
- Sun shafts
- Underwater crepuscular rays
- UI depth adjustment (cycle four depth presets with the X key)

Installation
------------

1. Extract the zip file to the game directory

    ...\Steam\SteamApps\common\Stranded Deep

2. Launch the game and set quality to Ultra (other settings may work as well,
   but I haven't tested them)

3. (Oprional) Disable the crosshair in the settings if you find it distracting.

4. After starting a new game, loading an existing game, or alt+tabbing the
   convergence will reset. Press L to set a good preset (a custom convergence
   can be saved on this button by pressing L, adjusting the convergence, then
   pressing F7).

5. Press X to cycle between four HUD depth presets (75% is the default, other
   presets are screen depth, 50% and 99.5%)

Troubleshooting
---------------
- If the water looks broken, try alt+tabbing out of the game and back in.
- The convergence gets reset after starting or loading a game - press L to load
  the recommended convergence preset.

Known Issues
------------
- Mouse cursor depth cannot be adjusted
- From above, the waves right on the edge of the shore only move the water in
  one eye.

Notes
-----
- This is an early access game and the fix is likely to be broken by updates,
  so be sure to check back regularly, and report any broken effects.

- This game has pushed DirectX9 shaders right to their limits, which caused me
  some problems creating the fix. Everything seems to be working now, but
  please let me know if you notice any details on the terrain or Ocean that are
  missing with the fix installed (such as missing shadows on the sand).

Commit message:

Stranded Deep: Add convergence preset on F for watch, update README
The watch hand is closer than the right hand and needs a lower
convergence, holding F will activate a good convergence after a short
delay.

Stranded Deep/README.md, after:

Stranded Deep
=============

Fixed
-----
- Halos
- Water refraction
- Underwater shadows
- Moved highlights on ocean floor to correct depth
- Sun shafts
- Underwater crepuscular rays

Installation
------------
1. Extract the zip file to the game directory

    ...\Steam\SteamApps\common\Stranded Deep

2. Launch the game and set quality to Ultra (other settings may work as well,
   but I haven't tested them)

3. (Oprional) Disable the crosshair in the settings if you find it distracting.

Keys
----
- L: Activate recommended convergence preset - use after starting a new game,
  loading an existing game or alt+tabbing. A custom convergence can be saved
  on this key by pressing L, adjusting the convergence, then pressing F7.

- F: Holding sets a convergence suitable for use with the watch, and will
  return to the L preset on release.

- X: Cycles between four four HUD depth presets - 75% (default), 99.5%, screen
  depth and 50%.

Troubleshooting
---------------
- If the water looks broken, try alt+tabbing out of the game and back in.

- The convergence gets reset after starting or loading a game - press L to load
  the recommended convergence preset.

Known Issues
------------
- Mouse cursor depth cannot be adjusted

- From above, the waves right on the edge of the shore only move the water in
  one eye.

Notes
-----
- This is an early access game and the fix is likely to be broken by updates,
  so be sure to check back regularly, and report any broken effects.

- This game has pushed DirectX9 shaders right to their limits, which caused me
  some problems creating the fix. Everything seems to be working now, but
  please let me know if you notice any details on the terrain or Ocean that are
  missing with the fix installed (such as missing shadows on the sand).
