Viscera/README.md, before:

Viscera Cleanup Detail (including Santa's Rampage & Shadow Warrior)
===================================================================

Fixed
-----
- UI menus and in-game screens
- Object highlights
- Molotov Cocktails (in Santa's Rampage)
- Shadows
- Light shafts
- Decals
- Bloom (using depth buffer - press H for alternate infinity adjustment)
- Fog

Installation
------------
Extract zip file under:

    ...\Steam\SteamApps\common\Viscera\Binaries\Win32

Use the 32bit version of Viscera cleanup detail.

Do not manually adjust the separation - doing so will cause object highlights
and Molotov cocktails to become misaligned! Four separation presets are
provided on the backslash key as an alternative.

Known Issues
------------
Some object highlights and Molotov cocktails are misaligned (to the right) when
3D is disabled. This appears to be a driver issue as it happens whenever 3D is
enabled in the control panel and the fix will counter this problem, but only
while 3D is enabled and using the provided separation presets.

If you instead notice this misalignment happening to the left while 3D is
enabled, please let me know.

Commit message:

Viscera: Add key binding to disable object highlight correction
One user reported that the body highlights were still out. Can't be
sure, but it's possible the fix broke it for them instead, so add a
keybinding to disable the correction.

Viscera/README.md, after:

Viscera Cleanup Detail (including Santa's Rampage & Shadow Warrior)
===================================================================

Fixed
-----
- UI menus and in-game screens
- Object highlights
- Molotov Cocktails (in Santa's Rampage)
- Shadows
- Light shafts
- Decals
- Bloom (using depth buffer - press H for alternate infinity adjustment)
- Fog

Installation
------------
Extract zip file under:

    ...\Steam\SteamApps\common\Viscera\Binaries\Win32

Use the 32bit version of Viscera cleanup detail.

Do not manually adjust the separation - doing so will cause object highlights
and Molotov cocktails to become misaligned! Four separation presets are
provided on the backslash key as an alternative.

If the object highlights are still misaligned after pressing backslash, try
pressing ] to disable the correction. If neither way works, let me know.

Known Issues
------------
- Some object highlights and Molotov cocktails are misaligned (to the right)
  when 3D is disabled. This appears to be a driver issue as it happens whenever
  3D is enabled in the control panel and the fix will counter this problem, but
  only while 3D is enabled and using the provided separation presets.

- Some of the default nvidia key bindings affect this game, e.g. adjusting
  separation with Ctrl+F4 will freeze the physics (press F4 a second time to
  fix)
