World of Diving/README.md, before:

World of Diving
===============

Fixed
-----
- halos on all surfaces
- Unity Light, Shadows & Specular highlights fixed.
- Water refraction, halos, etc
- Flashlight clipping
- Sun depth no longer varies with convergence and is pinned at an appropriate
  depth.

Update 2014-11-28
-----------------
- Fixed a few more surface shaders (watch faces)
- Fixed screen on scuba-scooter moving to the right with UI depth
- Fixed distortion effect on scuba-scooter in multiplayer

Keys
----
UI Depth adjustment (except mouse cursor):

- 5: Screen depth
- 6: 25%
- 7: 50%
- 8: 75%
- 9: 90% (default)
- 0: 95%
- Tab: Hold to bring UI to screen depth (necessary to avoid problems with text
  wandering to the right on the diving computer).


Convergence Presets:

- [: Sets a low convergence (0.03) that keeps everything behind the mask
- ]: Sets a higher convergence (0.1) for a better 3D effect. Sometimes things
  are slightly in front of the mask, but it's worth it for the better 3D.

You can save your own custom convergence & separation preset to these buttons.
First, press the button you want to edit, then adjust the convergence and
separation with the standard nVidia keys (Ctrl+F5/F6 if advanced keys are
enabled in the control panel) and finally press F7 to save.

Known Issues
------------
- Like many Unity games, the mouse cursor depth cannot be adjusted as it uses a
  hardware cursor. Press 5 when in a menu to bring the UI back to screen depth.

Notes
-----
- This is an early access game with new content being developed all the time.
  Please check back for updates to the fix for any issues in future content.

- I've fixed the surface shaders for everything in the dive shop that I'm able
  to preview, but I can't preview certain things like Dive Buddies and Boats
  without first unlocking them. Due to the way Unity surface shaders work,
  there is a fairly high chance that some of these may still be broken.  
  If you have not yet bought the game, but are planning to do so as a direct
  result of this fix, consider getting in touch with me first so I can invite
  you for XP to allow me to unlock and fix some of the higher level items
  sooner.

  Feel free to add me as a friend on Steam (DarkStarSword), but please leave a
  comment on my profile page first so I don't mistake you for a spammer.

Commit message:

World of Diving: Use lighting shader for FOV after all
There were a couple of places in the tutorial level where none of the
other shaders I'm grabbing the FOV from were active, so shadows could
become misaligned if the scuba-scooter or camera was used and the FOV
changed.

Re-enable grabbing the FOV from the lighting shader, which seems to work
in those situations.

I'm concerned this shader sometimes may yield a bogus FOV when only
directional lighting is active (previously seen this in the Brony level
before diving), but right now it seems to work.

I've also spotted that the projection matrix is directly available in
the plankton shader in this game, but that is only available underwater.

World of Diving/README.md, after:

World of Diving
===============

Fixed
-----
- halos on all surfaces
- Unity Light, Shadows & Specular highlights fixed.
- Water refraction, halos, etc
- Flashlight clipping
- Sun depth no longer varies with convergence and is pinned at an appropriate
  depth.

Update 2014-11-28
-----------------
- Fixed a few more surface shaders (watch faces)
- Fixed screen on scuba-scooter moving to the right with UI depth
- Fixed distortion effect on scuba-scooter in multiplayer
- Made the shadow fix more reliable in a few situations.

Keys
----
UI Depth adjustment (except mouse cursor):

- 5: Screen depth
- 6: 25%
- 7: 50%
- 8: 75%
- 9: 90% (default)
- 0: 95%
- Tab: Hold to bring UI to screen depth (necessary to avoid problems with text
  wandering to the right on the diving computer).


Convergence Presets:

- [: Sets a low convergence (0.03) that keeps everything behind the mask
- ]: Sets a higher convergence (0.1) for a better 3D effect. Sometimes things
  are slightly in front of the mask, but it's worth it for the better 3D.

You can save your own custom convergence & separation preset to these buttons.
First, press the button you want to edit, then adjust the convergence and
separation with the standard nVidia keys (Ctrl+F5/F6 if advanced keys are
enabled in the control panel) and finally press F7 to save.

Known Issues
------------
- Like many Unity games, the mouse cursor depth cannot be adjusted as it uses a
  hardware cursor. Press 5 when in a menu to bring the UI back to screen depth.

Notes
-----
- This is an early access game with new content being developed all the time.
  Please check back for updates to the fix for any issues in future content.

- I've fixed the surface shaders for everything in the dive shop that I'm able
  to preview, but I can't preview certain things like Dive Buddies and Boats
  without first unlocking them. Due to the way Unity surface shaders work,
  there is a fairly high chance that some of these may still be broken.  
  If you have not yet bought the game, but are planning to do so as a direct
  result of this fix, consider getting in touch with me first so I can invite
  you for XP to allow me to unlock and fix some of the higher level items
  sooner.

  Feel free to add me as a friend on Steam (DarkStarSword), but please leave a
  comment on my profile page first so I don't mistake you for a spammer.
