DOAX-VenusVacation/README.md, before:

Dead or Alive Xtreme Venus Vacation

This is not to be confused with the console exclusive game Dead or Alive Xtreme
3: Venus. This is a free to play casual volleyball *management* game, and lacks
the volleyball gameplay or minigames of its console counterpart and has no
English translation, but - at least it is on PC. For help with installing this
game and understanding some of the gameplay, refer to this article (the camera
mode of the Google Translate Android app may also be helpful for any steps that
have changed since this article was written):

https://www.dualshockers.com/dead-alive-xtreme-venus-vacation-guide/

Fixed
-----
- Lights & shadows
- Water
- HUD

Installing
----------
1. Extract the contents of the zip file to the game directory.

2. In the launcher (not the game), open settings (2nd button from the top) and
   change everything to the left-most option (this is what I tested on - other
   options may or may not work).

3. **IMPORTANT: Once the main game launches, press F7 to switch to exclusive
   full screen mode to engage 3D. Repeat this anytime you alt+tab out of the
   game to re-engage 3D.**

Keys
----
Mouse back button: Toggle HUD visibility (change by editing KeyToggleHUD in
                   d3dx.ini)

Compatibility with third party Modding Tools
--------------------------------------------
I am aware that some players will wish to use this in conjunction with other
modding tools to take the fan service further than the developers intended.
This should be possible, but is not something I have personally tried and I
cannot guarantee whether or not it will work. You may try naming 3DMigoto
d3d11.dll and using the proxy_d3d11 option to load the third party modding tool
after 3DMigoto, or if the third party tool has a similar option you may be able
to do the reverse.

Side-by-Side / Top-and-Bottom Output Modes
------------------------------------------
This fix is bundled with the SBS / TAB output mode support in 3DMigoto. To
enable it, edit the d3dx.ini, find the [Present] section and uncomment (remove
the semicolon) the line that reads:

    run = CustomShader3DVision2SBS

Then, in game press F11 to cycle output modes. If using 3D TV Play, set the
nvidia control panel to output checkerboard to remove the 720p limitation.

Like my Work?
-------------
Fixing games takes a lot of time and effort, and I am currently otherwise
unemployed largely due to my ongoing [battle with mental health issues][1].

If you are in a position where you are able to do so, please consider
[supporting me with a monthly donation on Patreon][2], and thanks again to
those that already do! While I prefer the more stable monthly support that
Patreon offers, I can of course understand that some of you prefer to make
one-off donations when you can, and for that you can use [my Paypal][3]. As a
reminder, these donations are to support me personally, and do not go to other
modders on this site.

[1]: https://forums.geforce.com/default/topic/1000942/3d-vision/where-has-darkstarsword-been-/
[2]: https://www.patreon.com/DarkStarSword
[3]: https://www.paypal.me/DarkStarSword

_This mod is created with 3DMigoto (primarily written by myself, Bo3b and
Chiri), and uses Flugan's Assembler. See [here][4] for a full list of
contributors to 3DMigoto_

[4]: https://darkstarsword.net/3Dmigoto-stats/authors.html

Commit message:

DOAXVV: Add auto-convergence
Very little changed from LiSBtS:

- Adjusted z_to_w to use the inverse projection matrix, copied with the
  depth buffer from the lighting shader
- Tweaked tunables to:
  - Set popout bias to 0 to keep everything inside the screen
  - Raised minimum allowable convergence to 1.5
  - Lowered slow convergence transition rate
  - Raised threshold for instant transition to prefer slow transitions

DOAX-VenusVacation/README.md, after:

Dead or Alive Xtreme Venus Vacation

This is not to be confused with the console exclusive game Dead or Alive Xtreme
3: Venus. This is a free to play casual volleyball *management* game, and lacks
the volleyball gameplay or minigames of its console counterpart and has no
English translation, but - at least it is on PC. For help with installing this
game and understanding some of the gameplay, refer to this article (the camera
mode of the Google Translate Android app may also be helpful for any steps that
have changed since this article was written):

https://www.dualshockers.com/dead-alive-xtreme-venus-vacation-guide/

Auto-Convergence
----------------
This fix uses my new auto-convergence feature (first introduced in my Life is
Strange: Before the Storm fix) to automatically adjust the convergence while
playing to suit the various scenes and quick camera angles changes this game
does. For this game I have set it to try to keep everything inside the screen
(behind the HUD), while still maximising the 3D effect in any given scene.

The auto-convergence feature replaces the traditional meaning of 3D Vision's
convergence setting with a "popout" setting, which is similar to convergence,
but gives better results with a wider range of camera angles, monitor sizes and
viewing distances. The same keys that normally adjust the convergence will
adjust the popout instead when auto-convergence is enabled, and the popout
value will be displayed on screen while adjusting it.

This feature has a number of tunable parameters, which can be tweaked by
editing the [Constants] section in the d3dx.ini. These tunables include things
such as the initial popout, minimum and maximum allowable convergence values,
thresholds for how far the convergence is allowed to get away from the target,
and threshold for the anti-judder countermeasure.

Fixed
-----
- Lights & shadows
- Water
- HUD
- Added automatic convergence

Installing
----------
1. Extract the contents of the zip file to the game directory.

2. In the launcher (not the game), open settings (2nd button from the top) and
   change everything to the left-most option (this is what I tested on - other
   options may or may not work).

3. **IMPORTANT: Once the main game launches, press F7 to switch to exclusive
   full screen mode to engage 3D. Repeat this anytime you alt+tab out of the
   game to re-engage 3D.**

Keys
----
- Mouse back button: Toggle HUD visibility
- ~: Toggle auto-convergence feature on and off
- Ctrl+F5: Reduce popout when auto-convergence is on
- Ctrl+F6: Increase popout when auto-convergence is on

Compatibility with third party Modding Tools
--------------------------------------------
I am aware that some players will wish to use this in conjunction with other
modding tools to take the fan service further than the developers intended.
This should be possible, but is not something I have personally tried and I
cannot guarantee whether or not it will work. You may try naming 3DMigoto
d3d11.dll and using the proxy_d3d11 option to load the third party modding tool
after 3DMigoto, or if the third party tool has a similar option you may be able
to do the reverse.

Side-by-Side / Top-and-Bottom Output Modes
------------------------------------------
This fix is bundled with the SBS / TAB output mode support in 3DMigoto. To
enable it, edit the d3dx.ini, find the [Present] section and uncomment (remove
the semicolon) the line that reads:

    run = CustomShader3DVision2SBS

Then, in game press F11 to cycle output modes. If using 3D TV Play, set the
nvidia control panel to output checkerboard to remove the 720p limitation.

Like my Work?
-------------
Fixing games takes a lot of time and effort, and I am currently otherwise
unemployed largely due to my ongoing [battle with mental health issues][1].

If you are in a position where you are able to do so, please consider
[supporting me with a monthly donation on Patreon][2], and thanks again to
those that already do! While I prefer the more stable monthly support that
Patreon offers, I can of course understand that some of you prefer to make
one-off donations when you can, and for that you can use [my Paypal][3]. As a
reminder, these donations are to support me personally, and do not go to other
modders on this site.

[1]: https://forums.geforce.com/default/topic/1000942/3d-vision/where-has-darkstarsword-been-/
[2]: https://www.patreon.com/DarkStarSword
[3]: https://www.paypal.me/DarkStarSword

_This mod is created with 3DMigoto (primarily written by myself, Bo3b and
Chiri), and uses Flugan's Assembler. See [here][4] for a full list of
contributors to 3DMigoto_

[4]: https://darkstarsword.net/3Dmigoto-stats/authors.html
