ABZU/README.md, before:

ABZU
====

Do not enable stereo compute shaders - no known advantage so far, and desyncs kelp physics between eyes (haven't checked if SLI contributes).

Press \ to activate the recommended convergence preset.


SLI Notes
=========
SLI + 3D Vision is broken in this game in recent drivers. The surface of the
water is badly corrupted and plants at the surface are desynchronised between
both eyes. Either disable SLI through the control panel, or downgrade to a
known working driver:

- 372.90 (Wed Sep 21, 2016): Works
- 373.06 (Thu Oct 06, 2016): Works
- 375.63 (Sun Oct 23, 2016): Broken
- 375.70 (Fri Oct 28, 2016): Untested, presumed broken
- 375.95 (Fri Nov 18, 2016): Broken
- 376.09 (Mon Nov 28, 2016): Broken
- 376.19 (Mon Dec 05, 2016): Untested, presumed broken
- 376.33 (Wed Dec 14, 2016): Broken
- 376.48 (Wed Dec 21, 2016): Broken

Known Issues
============
While I was playing I came across a surface that was shiny and flickering like
crazy - I believe that the shader had been replaced by an unrelated one. This
was a glitch and cleared up after a restart.

Commit message:

ABZU: Tweak the temporal AA correction to fix perceived depth artefact
A little further on in the game the fixed temporal AA made a gate look
slightly closer than it actually was. This was because the divide by 4
fudge factor was not correct - the actual value is in the shader
already, so move the fix down to work on the scaled value.

ABZU/README.md, after:

ABZU
====

Do not enable stereo compute shaders - no known advantage so far, and desyncs kelp physics between eyes (haven't checked if SLI contributes).

Press \ to activate the recommended convergence preset.


SLI Notes
---------
SLI + 3D Vision is broken in this game in recent drivers. The surface of the
water is badly corrupted and plants at the surface are desynchronised between
both eyes. Either disable SLI through the control panel, or downgrade to a
known working driver:

- 372.90 (Wed Sep 21, 2016): Works
- 373.06 (Thu Oct 06, 2016): Works
- 375.63 (Sun Oct 23, 2016): Broken
- 375.70 (Fri Oct 28, 2016): Untested, presumed broken
- 375.95 (Fri Nov 18, 2016): Broken
- 376.09 (Mon Nov 28, 2016): Broken
- 376.19 (Mon Dec 05, 2016): Untested, presumed broken
- 376.33 (Wed Dec 14, 2016): Broken
- 376.48 (Wed Dec 21, 2016): Broken

Known Issues
------------
- If you see a massively broken effect (like a flickering surface, extremely
  bright lights, an inexplicable colour filter, etc) it might just be a glitch
  - try restarting the game before reporting any issues.
- About half way through the game it suddenly enables temporal anti-aliasing
  for no apparent reason, which has issues in 3D. I've fixed all the worst
  problems this causes, but it still exhibits some judder in some areas.
